Subject: General guidelines
---------------------------
Thank you for agreeing to help our team defend against threats by using Microsoft Defender XDR.

We have some general guidelines that you must follow when you perform tasks in Azure. Please always use the following guidelines:

• When creating objects, use the default settings unless a different configuration is required to complete the task successfully.
• Only create, delete, or modify objects to achieve the stated requirements. Unnecessary changes to the environment can adversely affect your final score.
• If there are multiple approaches to achieving a goal, always choose the approach that requires the least amount of administrative effort.

Thanks,
Chief Technology Officer (CTO)





Subject: Existing environment
-----------------------------
Here are your credentials for managing resources in Microsoft 365:

User name:
Password:

You can find these credentials by selecting the Instructions tab.
Your lab environment consists of two virtual machines named Client 1 and Client that run Windows 11. Be sure to perform your tasks on the appropriate client as indicated in
each email.

Before you begin, you must prepare Microsoft Defender DR by performing the following steps:
• Sign in to Client2 by using the provided credentials.
• Open Microsoft Edge, go to https://security.microsoft.com, and sign in.
• From the navigation pane, select Investigation & response, select Incidents & alerts, and then select Incidents. A message appears that states Hang on! We're
  preparing new spaces for your data and connecting them.

Note: The message may remain for approximately five to 10 minutes.

• After the message is no longer displayed, close Microsoft Edge. This will flush the web browser cache.
• Open Microsoft Edge, go to https://security.microsoft.com and sign in.

Thanks,
Network Administrator






Subject: Onboard an endpoint to Microsoft Defender DR
-----------------------------------------------------
Hello,

Now that we have provisioned Microsoft Defender DR in our environment, we need you to create a new device group and onboard an endpoint client named Client2.

We will also run a sample attack script from Client to simulate an attack.

This is your task:

First, you need to create a device group named Group1 for Windows 10 and 11 devices. Group must remediate all threats automatically.

Next, you need to onboard Client2 to Microsoft Defender XDR. Store the onboarding script in the Downloads folder on Client2. Be sure that the onboarding process uses a
connectivity type that recognizes simplified domains such as *.endpoint.security.microsoft.com.

Note: It may take several minutes before Client2 displays in the Microsoft Defender portal.

After Client2 has been onboarded, simulate an attack by running the sample attack Power Shell script located at C:\Files on Client2. You can disregard the following message
displayed in the attack script: "Failed to resolve Domain Controllers in the domain."

Thanks,
Project Management Team




Subject: Create an Endpoint security policy
-------------------------------------------
Hello,

We have reports company executives have downloaded and run a malicious JavaScript file on their devices. We need you to use Microsoft Defender to create a policy to address this
issue.

Note: Complete this task from Client1.

This is your task:

You need you to create an endpoint security policy named EndpointPolicy1 and assign the policy to the sg-Executive security group. EndpointPolicy1 must block Windows 11
devices from using JavaScript to download and run executable content.

Thanks,
Project Management Team





Subject: Manage a Microsoft Defender DR incident
------------------------------------------------
Hello,

We have a Microsoft Defender DR incident named Multi-stage incident involving Defense evasion & Discovery on one endpoint that has been reported. We want you to investigate the incident.

Note: Complete this task from Client1.

This is your task:

Power Shell performs process hollowing.

First, you need to review the device timeline of Client2. In the timeline, find the entry of the suspicious process injection that indicates the outbound connection to the malicious IP address and the target executable name that

Next, create a custom indicator named Indicator1 that will block execution when a user attempts to download a file from the malicious IP address. Indicator1 must be assigned to the Group device group and must generate a
high severity alert for the Execution category.

Finally, create a detection rule named SuspiciousPowershell that runs every hour and is scoped to all devices. The rule must perform the following:
• Use the DeviceProcessEvents table and find powershell.exe events that will initiate the target executable found during the timeline review of Client2.
• Collect an investigation package.
• Mark the user that initiated the Power Shell process as compromised.

Thanks,
Project Management Team





Subject: Investigating and collecting forensic evidence from an endpoint
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hello,

We need to use Microsoft Defender XDR to investigate and collect forensic evidence from Client2.

Note: Complete this task from Client1.

This is your task:

From Client1, perform the following tasks:
• Enable, and then initiate a live response session to Client2 and view the current connections.
• Collect an investigation package from Client2, extract the Forensics Collection Summary.csv file from the package, and then save the file to C:\Files on Client1.
• Isolate Client2.

Note: It may take a few minutes for the investigation package and isolation tasks to complete.

Thanks,
Project Management Team




Subject: Status - Complete
--------------------------
Thank you for helping our team defend against threats by using Microsoft Defender XDR.
We look forward to working with you again.

Regards,
Chief Technology Officer (CTO)
